now it shall come to pass if you
now it shall come to pass if you diligently obey the voice of the Lord
diligently obey the voice of the Lord
diligently obey the voice of the Lord your God to observe carefully all his
your God to observe carefully all his
your God to observe carefully all his commandments which I command you today
commandments which I command you today
commandments which I command you today that the Lord your God will set you high
that the Lord your God will set you high
that the Lord your God will set you high above all nations of the earth and all
above all nations of the earth and all
above all nations of the earth and all these blessings shall come upon you and
these blessings shall come upon you and
these blessings shall come upon you and overtake you because you obey the voice
overtake you because you obey the voice
overtake you because you obey the voice of the Lord your God blessed shall you
of the Lord your God blessed shall you
of the Lord your God blessed shall you be in City and blessed shall you be in
be in City and blessed shall you be in
be in City and blessed shall you be in the country
the country
the country [Music]
[Music]
[Music] the
the
the it shall be the fruit of your body the
it shall be the fruit of your body the
it shall be the fruit of your body the produce of your ground and the increase
produce of your ground and the increase
produce of your ground and the increase of your herds the increase of your
of your herds the increase of your
of your herds the increase of your cattle and the offspring of your flocks
cattle and the offspring of your flocks
cattle and the offspring of your flocks bless it shall be your basket and your
bless it shall be your basket and your
bless it shall be your basket and your kneading Bowl blessed shall you be when
kneading Bowl blessed shall you be when
kneading Bowl blessed shall you be when you come in and blessed shall you be
you come in and blessed shall you be
you come in and blessed shall you be when you go out the Lord will cause your
when you go out the Lord will cause your
when you go out the Lord will cause your enemies rise against you to be defeated
enemies rise against you to be defeated
enemies rise against you to be defeated before your face they shall come out
before your face they shall come out
before your face they shall come out against you one way and flee before you
against you one way and flee before you
against you one way and flee before you seven wavers the Lord will command the
seven wavers the Lord will command the
seven wavers the Lord will command the blessing on you in your storehouses and
blessing on you in your storehouses and
blessing on you in your storehouses and in all through which you set your hand
in all through which you set your hand
in all through which you set your hand and he will bless you in the land which
and he will bless you in the land which
and he will bless you in the land which the Lord your God is giving you the Lord
the Lord your God is giving you the Lord
the Lord your God is giving you the Lord will establish you as a holy people to
will establish you as a holy people to
will establish you as a holy people to himself just as he has sworn to you if
himself just as he has sworn to you if
himself just as he has sworn to you if you keep the commandments of the Lord
you keep the commandments of the Lord
you keep the commandments of the Lord your God and walk in his ways
your God and walk in his ways
your God and walk in his ways then all peoples of the earth shall see
then all peoples of the earth shall see
then all peoples of the earth shall see that you are cold by the name
that you are cold by the name
that you are cold by the name the Lord and they shall be afraid of you
the Lord and they shall be afraid of you
the Lord and they shall be afraid of you and the Lord will grant you plenty of
and the Lord will grant you plenty of
and the Lord will grant you plenty of Goods in the fruit of your body in the
Goods in the fruit of your body in the
Goods in the fruit of your body in the increase of your livestock and in the
increase of your livestock and in the
increase of your livestock and in the produce of your ground in the land of
produce of your ground in the land of
produce of your ground in the land of which the Lord swore to your father's to
which the Lord swore to your father's to
which the Lord swore to your father's to give you the Lord will open to you his
give you the Lord will open to you his
give you the Lord will open to you his good treasure the heavens to give the
good treasure the heavens to give the
good treasure the heavens to give the rain to your land in its season and to
rain to your land in its season and to
rain to your land in its season and to bless all the work of your hand you
bless all the work of your hand you
bless all the work of your hand you shall lend many nations but you shall
shall lend many nations but you shall
shall lend many nations but you shall not borrow and the Lord will make you
not borrow and the Lord will make you
not borrow and the Lord will make you the head and not the tail you shall be
the head and not the tail you shall be
the head and not the tail you shall be above only and not be beneath if you
above only and not be beneath if you
above only and not be beneath if you heed the commandments of the Lord your
heed the commandments of the Lord your
heed the commandments of the Lord your God which I command you today and are
God which I command you today and are
God which I command you today and are careful to observe them so you shall not
careful to observe them so you shall not
careful to observe them so you shall not turn aside from any of the words which I
turn aside from any of the words which I
turn aside from any of the words which I command you this day to the right or the
command you this day to the right or the
command you this day to the right or the left to go after other gods to serve
left to go after other gods to serve
left to go after other gods to serve them but it shall come to pass if you do
them but it shall come to pass if you do
them but it shall come to pass if you do not obey the voice of the Lord your God
not obey the voice of the Lord your God
not obey the voice of the Lord your God to observe carefully all his
to observe carefully all his
to observe carefully all his Commandments and his statutes which I
Commandments and his statutes which I
Commandments and his statutes which I command you today that all these curses
command you today that all these curses
command you today that all these curses will come upon you and overtake you
will come upon you and overtake you
will come upon you and overtake you curses shall you be in the city
curses shall you be in the city
curses shall you be in the city and Curson shall you be in the country
and Curson shall you be in the country
and Curson shall you be in the country curses shall be your basket and you're
curses shall be your basket and you're
curses shall be your basket and you're needing Bowl curse it shall be the fruit
needing Bowl curse it shall be the fruit
needing Bowl curse it shall be the fruit of your body and the produce of your
of your body and the produce of your
of your body and the produce of your land the increase of your cattle and the
land the increase of your cattle and the
land the increase of your cattle and the offspring of your flocks curse it shall
offspring of your flocks curse it shall
offspring of your flocks curse it shall you be when you come in and curse it
you be when you come in and curse it
you be when you come in and curse it shall you be when you go out the Lord
shall you be when you go out the Lord
shall you be when you go out the Lord will send on you cursing confusion and
will send on you cursing confusion and
will send on you cursing confusion and rebuke in all that you set your hand to
rebuke in all that you set your hand to
rebuke in all that you set your hand to do until you are destroyed and until you
do until you are destroyed and until you
do until you are destroyed and until you perish quickly because of the wickedness
perish quickly because of the wickedness
perish quickly because of the wickedness of your doings in which you have
of your doings in which you have
of your doings in which you have forsaken me the Lord will make the
forsaken me the Lord will make the
forsaken me the Lord will make the plague cling to you until he has
plague cling to you until he has
plague cling to you until he has consumed you from the land which you are
consumed you from the land which you are
consumed you from the land which you are going to possess the Lord will strike
going to possess the Lord will strike
going to possess the Lord will strike you with consumption with fever with
you with consumption with fever with
you with consumption with fever with inflammation with severe burning fever
inflammation with severe burning fever
inflammation with severe burning fever with the sword with scorching and with
with the sword with scorching and with
with the sword with scorching and with mildew they shall pursue you until you
mildew they shall pursue you until you
mildew they shall pursue you until you perish and your heavens which are over
perish and your heavens which are over
perish and your heavens which are over your head shall be bronzed and the earth
your head shall be bronzed and the earth
your head shall be bronzed and the earth which is under you shall be iron
which is under you shall be iron
which is under you shall be iron the Lord will change the rain of your
the Lord will change the rain of your
the Lord will change the rain of your land to powder and dust from the heaven
land to powder and dust from the heaven
land to powder and dust from the heaven it shall come down on you until you are
it shall come down on you until you are
it shall come down on you until you are destroyed the Lord will cause you to be
destroyed the Lord will cause you to be
destroyed the Lord will cause you to be defeated before your enemies you shall
defeated before your enemies you shall
defeated before your enemies you shall go out one way against them and flee
go out one way against them and flee
go out one way against them and flee seven ways before them and you shall
seven ways before them and you shall
seven ways before them and you shall become troublesome to all the kingdoms
become troublesome to all the kingdoms
become troublesome to all the kingdoms of the earth your carcasses shall be
of the earth your carcasses shall be
of the earth your carcasses shall be food for all the birds of the air and
food for all the birds of the air and
food for all the birds of the air and the beasts of the earth and no one shall
the beasts of the earth and no one shall
the beasts of the earth and no one shall frighten them away the Lord will strike
frighten them away the Lord will strike
frighten them away the Lord will strike you with the boils of Egypt with tumors
you with the boils of Egypt with tumors
you with the boils of Egypt with tumors with the scab and with the itch from
with the scab and with the itch from
with the scab and with the itch from which you cannot be healed the Lord will
which you cannot be healed the Lord will
which you cannot be healed the Lord will strike you with madness and blindness
strike you with madness and blindness
strike you with madness and blindness and the confusion of heart and you shall
and the confusion of heart and you shall
and the confusion of heart and you shall grope at noonday as a blind man gropes
grope at noonday as a blind man gropes
grope at noonday as a blind man gropes in darkness you shall not prosper in
in darkness you shall not prosper in
in darkness you shall not prosper in your ways you shall be only oppressed
your ways you shall be only oppressed
your ways you shall be only oppressed and plundered continually and no one
and plundered continually and no one
and plundered continually and no one shall save you you shall be throw the
shall save you you shall be throw the
shall save you you shall be throw the wife but another man shall lie with her
wife but another man shall lie with her
wife but another man shall lie with her you shall build a house but you shall
you shall build a house but you shall
you shall build a house but you shall not dwell in it you shall plant a
not dwell in it you shall plant a
not dwell in it you shall plant a vineyard but shall not gather its grapes
vineyard but shall not gather its grapes
vineyard but shall not gather its grapes your arks shall be slaughtered before
your arks shall be slaughtered before
your arks shall be slaughtered before your eyes but you shall not eat of it
your eyes but you shall not eat of it
your eyes but you shall not eat of it your donkey shall be
your donkey shall be
your donkey shall be violently taken away from before you and
violently taken away from before you and
violently taken away from before you and shall not be restored to you your sheep
shall not be restored to you your sheep
shall not be restored to you your sheep shall be given to your enemies and you
shall be given to your enemies and you
shall be given to your enemies and you shall have no one to rescue them your
shall have no one to rescue them your
shall have no one to rescue them your sons and your daughters shall be given
sons and your daughters shall be given
sons and your daughters shall be given to another people and your eyes shall
to another people and your eyes shall
to another people and your eyes shall look and fail with longing for them all
look and fail with longing for them all
look and fail with longing for them all day long and there shall be no strength
day long and there shall be no strength
day long and there shall be no strength in your hand a nation whom you have not
in your hand a nation whom you have not
in your hand a nation whom you have not known shall eat the fruit of your land
known shall eat the fruit of your land
known shall eat the fruit of your land and the produce of your labor and you
and the produce of your labor and you
and the produce of your labor and you shall be only oppressed and crushed
shall be only oppressed and crushed
shall be only oppressed and crushed continually so you shall be driven mad
continually so you shall be driven mad
continually so you shall be driven mad because of the sight which your high is
because of the sight which your high is
because of the sight which your high is see the Lord will strike you in the
see the Lord will strike you in the
see the Lord will strike you in the knees and on the legs with severe boils
knees and on the legs with severe boils
knees and on the legs with severe boils which cannot be healed and from the sole
which cannot be healed and from the sole
which cannot be healed and from the sole of your foot to the top of your head the
of your foot to the top of your head the
of your foot to the top of your head the Lord will bring you and the king when
Lord will bring you and the king when
Lord will bring you and the king when you set over you to a nation which
you set over you to a nation which
you set over you to a nation which neither you nor your fathers have known
neither you nor your fathers have known
neither you nor your fathers have known and there you shall serve other gods
and there you shall serve other gods
and there you shall serve other gods wood
wood
wood and still and you shall become an
and still and you shall become an
and still and you shall become an astonishment a proverb and a byword
astonishment a proverb and a byword
astonishment a proverb and a byword among all nations where the Lord will
among all nations where the Lord will
among all nations where the Lord will drive you you shall carry much seed out
drive you you shall carry much seed out
drive you you shall carry much seed out to the field but gather little in for
to the field but gather little in for
to the field but gather little in for the locust shall consume it you shall
the locust shall consume it you shall
the locust shall consume it you shall plant vineyards and tend them but you
plant vineyards and tend them but you
plant vineyards and tend them but you shall neither drink of the wine nor
shall neither drink of the wine nor
shall neither drink of the wine nor gather the grapes for the worms shall
gather the grapes for the worms shall
gather the grapes for the worms shall eats them you shall have olive trees
eats them you shall have olive trees
eats them you shall have olive trees throughout all your territory but you
throughout all your territory but you
throughout all your territory but you shall not anoint yourself with the oil
shall not anoint yourself with the oil
shall not anoint yourself with the oil for your olives shall drop off you shall
for your olives shall drop off you shall
for your olives shall drop off you shall beget sons and daughters but they shall
beget sons and daughters but they shall
beget sons and daughters but they shall not be yours for they shall go into
not be yours for they shall go into
not be yours for they shall go into captivity locusts shall consume all your
captivity locusts shall consume all your
captivity locusts shall consume all your trees and the produce of your land the
trees and the produce of your land the
trees and the produce of your land the alien who is among you shall rise higher
alien who is among you shall rise higher
alien who is among you shall rise higher and higher above you and you shall come
and higher above you and you shall come
and higher above you and you shall come down lower and
down lower and
down lower and lower he shall lend to you but you shall
lower he shall lend to you but you shall
lower he shall lend to you but you shall not lend to him he shall be the head and
not lend to him he shall be the head and
not lend to him he shall be the head and you shall be the tail moreover all these
you shall be the tail moreover all these
you shall be the tail moreover all these curses shall come upon you and pursue
curses shall come upon you and pursue
curses shall come upon you and pursue and overtake you until you are destroyed
and overtake you until you are destroyed
and overtake you until you are destroyed because you did not obey the voice of
because you did not obey the voice of
because you did not obey the voice of the Lord your God to keep his
the Lord your God to keep his
the Lord your God to keep his Commandments and his statutes which he
Commandments and his statutes which he
Commandments and his statutes which he commanded you and they shall be upon you
commanded you and they shall be upon you
commanded you and they shall be upon you for a sign and a wonder and on your
for a sign and a wonder and on your
for a sign and a wonder and on your descendants forever because you did not
descendants forever because you did not
descendants forever because you did not serve the Lord your God with joy and
serve the Lord your God with joy and
serve the Lord your God with joy and gladness of heart for the abundance of
gladness of heart for the abundance of
gladness of heart for the abundance of everything therefore you shall serve
everything therefore you shall serve
everything therefore you shall serve your enemies whom the Lord will send
your enemies whom the Lord will send
your enemies whom the Lord will send against you in hunger in thirst in
against you in hunger in thirst in
against you in hunger in thirst in nakedness and in need of everything and
nakedness and in need of everything and
nakedness and in need of everything and he will put a yoke of iron on your neck
he will put a yoke of iron on your neck
he will put a yoke of iron on your neck until he has destroyed you the Lord will
until he has destroyed you the Lord will
until he has destroyed you the Lord will bring a nation against you from afar
bring a nation against you from afar
bring a nation against you from afar from the end of the earth as Swift as
from the end of the earth as Swift as
from the end of the earth as Swift as the eagle flies a nation whose language
the eagle flies a nation whose language
the eagle flies a nation whose language you will not
you will not
you will not and a nation of fierce countenance which
and a nation of fierce countenance which
and a nation of fierce countenance which does not respect the elderly nor show
does not respect the elderly nor show
does not respect the elderly nor show favor to the young and they shall eat
favor to the young and they shall eat
favor to the young and they shall eat the increase of your livestock and the
the increase of your livestock and the
the increase of your livestock and the produce of your land until you are
produce of your land until you are
produce of your land until you are destroyed they shall not leave you
destroyed they shall not leave you
destroyed they shall not leave you grain or new wine or oil or the increase
grain or new wine or oil or the increase
grain or new wine or oil or the increase of your cattle or the offspring of your
of your cattle or the offspring of your
of your cattle or the offspring of your Fox until they have destroyed you they
Fox until they have destroyed you they
Fox until they have destroyed you they shall besiege you at all your gates
shall besiege you at all your gates
shall besiege you at all your gates until you're high and fortified walls in
until you're high and fortified walls in
until you're high and fortified walls in which you trust come down throughout all
which you trust come down throughout all
which you trust come down throughout all your land and they shall besiege you at
your land and they shall besiege you at
your land and they shall besiege you at all your gates throughout all your land
all your gates throughout all your land
all your gates throughout all your land which the Lord your God has given you
which the Lord your God has given you
which the Lord your God has given you you shall eat the fruit of your own body
you shall eat the fruit of your own body
you shall eat the fruit of your own body the flesh of your sons and your
the flesh of your sons and your
the flesh of your sons and your daughters the Lord your God has given
daughters the Lord your God has given
daughters the Lord your God has given you in the siege and desperate straits
you in the siege and desperate straits
you in the siege and desperate straits in which your enemy shall distress you
in which your enemy shall distress you
in which your enemy shall distress you the sensitive and very refined man among
the sensitive and very refined man among
the sensitive and very refined man among you will be hostile warden
you will be hostile warden
you will be hostile warden brother toward the wife of his bosom and
brother toward the wife of his bosom and
brother toward the wife of his bosom and toward the rest of his children whom he
toward the rest of his children whom he
toward the rest of his children whom he leaves behind so that he will not give
leaves behind so that he will not give
leaves behind so that he will not give any of them the flesh of his children
any of them the flesh of his children
any of them the flesh of his children whom he will eat because he has nothing
whom he will eat because he has nothing
whom he will eat because he has nothing left in the siege and desperate straits
left in the siege and desperate straits
left in the siege and desperate straits in which your enemy shall distress you
in which your enemy shall distress you
in which your enemy shall distress you at all your gates the tender and
at all your gates the tender and
at all your gates the tender and delicate woman among you who would not
delicate woman among you who would not
delicate woman among you who would not venture to set the sole of her foot on
venture to set the sole of her foot on
venture to set the sole of her foot on the ground because of her delicateness
the ground because of her delicateness
the ground because of her delicateness and sensitivity will refuse to the
and sensitivity will refuse to the
and sensitivity will refuse to the husband of her bosom and to her son and
husband of her bosom and to her son and
husband of her bosom and to her son and her daughter her placenta which comes
her daughter her placenta which comes
her daughter her placenta which comes out from between her feet and her
out from between her feet and her
out from between her feet and her children whom she bears for she will eat
children whom she bears for she will eat
children whom she bears for she will eat them secretly for lack of everything in
them secretly for lack of everything in
them secretly for lack of everything in the siege and desperate straits in which
the siege and desperate straits in which
the siege and desperate straits in which your enemy shall distress you at all
your enemy shall distress you at all
your enemy shall distress you at all your gates if you do not carefully
your gates if you do not carefully
your gates if you do not carefully observe all the words of this law that
observe all the words of this law that
observe all the words of this law that are written in this book that you may
are written in this book that you may
are written in this book that you may fear this glorious and awesome name the
fear this glorious and awesome name the
fear this glorious and awesome name the Lord your God then the Lord will bring
Lord your God then the Lord will bring
Lord your God then the Lord will bring upon you and your descendants
upon you and your descendants
upon you and your descendants extraordinary plagues great and
extraordinary plagues great and
extraordinary plagues great and prolonged plagues and serious and
prolonged plagues and serious and
prolonged plagues and serious and prolonged sicknesses moreover he will
prolonged sicknesses moreover he will
prolonged sicknesses moreover he will bring back on you
bring back on you
bring back on you all the diseases of each of which you
all the diseases of each of which you
all the diseases of each of which you were afraid and say shall cling to you
also every sickness and every plague
also every sickness and every plague which is not written in this book of the
which is not written in this book of the
which is not written in this book of the law will the Lord bring upon you until
law will the Lord bring upon you until
law will the Lord bring upon you until you are destroyed you shall be left few
you are destroyed you shall be left few
you are destroyed you shall be left few in number whereas you were as the stars
in number whereas you were as the stars
in number whereas you were as the stars of heaven in multitude because you would
of heaven in multitude because you would
of heaven in multitude because you would not obey the voice of the Lord your God
not obey the voice of the Lord your God
not obey the voice of the Lord your God and it shall be that just as the Lord
and it shall be that just as the Lord
and it shall be that just as the Lord rejoiced over you to do you good and
rejoiced over you to do you good and
rejoiced over you to do you good and multiply you so the Lord will rejoice
multiply you so the Lord will rejoice
multiply you so the Lord will rejoice over you to destroy you and bring you to
over you to destroy you and bring you to
over you to destroy you and bring you to nothing and you shall be plucked from
nothing and you shall be plucked from
nothing and you shall be plucked from off the land which you go to possess
then the Lord will scatter you among all
then the Lord will scatter you among all peoples from one end of the earth to the
peoples from one end of the earth to the
peoples from one end of the earth to the other and there you shall serve other
other and there you shall serve other
other and there you shall serve other gods which neither you nor your fathers
gods which neither you nor your fathers
gods which neither you nor your fathers have known wood and stone and among
have known wood and stone and among
have known wood and stone and among those nations you shall find no rest nor
those nations you shall find no rest nor
those nations you shall find no rest nor shall the sole of your foot have a
shall the sole of your foot have a
shall the sole of your foot have a resting place but there the Lord will
resting place but there the Lord will
resting place but there the Lord will give you
give you
give you a trembling heart failing eyes and
a trembling heart failing eyes and
a trembling heart failing eyes and anguish of soul your life shall hang in
anguish of soul your life shall hang in
anguish of soul your life shall hang in doubt before you you shall fear day and
doubt before you you shall fear day and
doubt before you you shall fear day and night and have no assurance of life in
night and have no assurance of life in
night and have no assurance of life in the morning you shall say oh that it
the morning you shall say oh that it
the morning you shall say oh that it were evening and that evening you shall
were evening and that evening you shall
were evening and that evening you shall say oh that it were morning because of
say oh that it were morning because of
say oh that it were morning because of the fear which terrifies your heart and
the fear which terrifies your heart and
the fear which terrifies your heart and because of the sight which our eyes see
because of the sight which our eyes see
because of the sight which our eyes see and the Lord will take you back to Egypt
and the Lord will take you back to Egypt
and the Lord will take you back to Egypt in ships by the way of which I said to
in ships by the way of which I said to
in ships by the way of which I said to you you shall never see it again and
you you shall never see it again and
you you shall never see it again and there you shall be offered for sale to
there you shall be offered for sale to
there you shall be offered for sale to your enemies as male and female slaves
your enemies as male and female slaves
your enemies as male and female slaves but no one will buy you